# ISO/IEC 27001:2013

## Security Management Controls

ISO/IEC 27001:2013 is a security management standard that specifies security management best practices and comprehensive security controls following the ISO/IEC 27002 best practice guidance. The basis of this certification is the development and implementation of a rigorous security program, which includes the development and implementation of an Information Security Management System \(ISMS\) which defines how ClearTax perpetually manages security in a holistic, comprehensive manner. This widely-recognized international security standard specifies that ClearTax does the following:

* We systematically evaluate our information security risks, taking into account the impact of threats and vulnerabilities.
* We design and implement a comprehensive suite of information security controls and other forms of risk management to address customer and architecture security risks.
* We have an overarching management process to ensure that the information security controls meet our needs on an ongoing basis.

ClearTax has certification for compliance with ISO/IEC 27001:2013. This certification is performed by independent third-party auditors. Our compliance with these internationally-recognized standards and code of practice is evidence of our commitment to information security at every level of our organization, and that the ClearTax security program is in accordance with industry-leading best practices.

## Download the Certificate

{% file src="../../.gitbook/assets/in83119e-defmacro-software-pv...pdf" caption="ISO/IEC 27001:2013" %}

